[documentation] Add setup guide (#42)
huggingface/optimum-neuron: docs/source/quickstart.mdx

    data_collator=data_collator,
)
```

> All Trainium instances come atleast with 2 with 2 Neuron Cores. To leverage those we need to launch the training whith `torchrun`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All Trainium instances come at least with 2 Neuron Cores. To leverage those we need to launch the training whith `torchrun`.
```
